README.md, before:

msi-packager
===

Build MSI (Windows Installer) packages on Mac and Linux.

The installer has no wizard. Users just run the installer and your app will be installed and shortcuts created.

## Requirements

You must have `wixl` from [`msitools`](https://wiki.gnome.org/msitools) available in your path.

### Mac

```bash
$ brew install msitools
```

### Linux

```bash
# ubuntu / debian
$ sudo apt-get install msitools
```

## Install [via npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/msi-packager)

```bash
$ npm install msi-packager
```

## Node Example

```js
var createMsi = require('./')

var options = {

  // required
  source: '/Users/matt/Code/loop/loopjs-packager/build/Loop Drop-win32',
  output: '/Users/matt/Code/loop/loopjs-packager/releases/Loop Drop v1.0.0.msi',
  name: 'Loop Drop',
  upgradeCode: 'YOUR-GUID-HERE',
  version: '1.0.0',
  manufacturer: 'loopjs.com',
  iconPath: '/Users/matt/Code/loop/loopjs-packager/icon.ico',
  executable: 'Loop Drop.exe',

  // optional
  description: "Some description",
  arch: 'x86',
  localInstall: true

}

createMsi(options, function (err) {
  if (err) throw err
  console.log('Outputed to ' + options.output)
})
```

## Local User vs Machine Install

By default the app will be installed for all users under **Program Files**.

If you specify `localInstall: true` as an option, the app will be installed to the user's AppData folder. This allows non-admin users to install your app. 

## CLI

```bash
Usage: msi-packager <source> <output> [options]

source     Directory containing app to package
output     write output .msi to this path

Options:
   -n, --name           
   -v, --version        Specify application version
   -m, --manufacturer   
   -a, --arch           Specify the target architecture: x86 or x64 (optional)
   -u, --upgrade-code   Specify GUID to use for upgrading from other versions
   -i, --icon           Specify an icon to use on shortcuts and installer
   -e, --executable     Specify file to create shortcuts for
   -l, --local          Install per user (no administrator rights required)
```

All options are required except for `--local` and `--arch`.

Commit message:

Changes to package.json and readme to enable alternate npm package

README.md, after:

Fixed Issues I had with the original package. Warning: If this gets merged back upstream this
package will be removed.


msi-packager
===

Build MSI (Windows Installer) packages on Mac and Linux.

The installer has no wizard. Users just run the installer and your app will be installed and shortcuts created.

## Requirements

You must have `wixl` from [`msitools`](https://wiki.gnome.org/msitools) available in your path.

### Mac

```bash
$ brew install msitools
```

### Linux

```bash
# ubuntu / debian
$ sudo apt-get install msitools
```

## Install [via npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/msi-packager)

```bash
$ npm install msi-packager
```

## Node Example

```js
var createMsi = require('./')

var options = {

  // required
  source: '/Users/matt/Code/loop/loopjs-packager/build/Loop Drop-win32',
  output: '/Users/matt/Code/loop/loopjs-packager/releases/Loop Drop v1.0.0.msi',
  name: 'Loop Drop',
  upgradeCode: 'YOUR-GUID-HERE',
  version: '1.0.0',
  manufacturer: 'loopjs.com',
  iconPath: '/Users/matt/Code/loop/loopjs-packager/icon.ico',
  executable: 'Loop Drop.exe',

  // optional
  description: "Some description",
  arch: 'x86',
  localInstall: true

}

createMsi(options, function (err) {
  if (err) throw err
  console.log('Outputed to ' + options.output)
})
```

## Local User vs Machine Install

By default the app will be installed for all users under **Program Files**.

If you specify `localInstall: true` as an option, the app will be installed to the user's AppData folder. This allows non-admin users to install your app. 

## CLI

```bash
Usage: msi-packager <source> <output> [options]

source     Directory containing app to package
output     write output .msi to this path

Options:
   -n, --name           
   -v, --version        Specify application version
   -m, --manufacturer   
   -a, --arch           Specify the target architecture: x86 or x64 (optional)
   -u, --upgrade-code   Specify GUID to use for upgrading from other versions
   -i, --icon           Specify an icon to use on shortcuts and installer
   -e, --executable     Specify file to create shortcuts for
   -l, --local          Install per user (no administrator rights required)
```

All options are required except for `--local` and `--arch`.
